Singapore, 2 November 2023 – IBM (NYSE: [IBM](http://www.ibm.com/))
Manufacturing Solutions Pte. Ltd. and the Singapore Management University
(SMU) today announced that their successful risk-constrained materials
requirements allocation optimiser research project has yielded USD35 million
in savings for IBM Infrastructure’s supply chain globally.

This project has helped procurement professionals in IBM to identify potential
risks, including delays, quality and pricing, and mitigate their impact on
businesses, with the accurate quantification of risk and cost-effective
decision-making.

The accomplishment was also recognised by the prestigious Manufacturing
Leadership Council, a division of the National Association of Manufacturers,
based in the United States of America. The Council named IBM the [global
winner of the 2023 Manufacturing Leadership award under the Digital Supply
Chains category.](https://manufacturingleadershipcouncil.com/leadership-
awards/2023-manufacturing-leadership-award-finalists/) This shows IBM as one
of the few world-class manufacturing leaders that have demonstrated efficiency
and value in creating resilient and responsive supply chain networks, and
highlights the importance of SMU’s research to facilitate this essential
process.

The collaboration between IBM and SMU began in 2021 when the ongoing pandemic
highlighted the vulnerabilities in supply chains and the urgent need to
innovate and achieve supply chain resilience. As part of the agreement, SMU
leveraged its expertise in supply chain logistics, together with
multidimensional data provided by IBM, to build a new risk optimisation
approach that informs decisions on emerging risks in procurement and
logistics. [IBM ILOG CPLEX Optimizer
Studio](https://www.ibm.com/products/ilog-cplex-optimization-studio) was also
applied to enable rapid development and deployment of decision optimisation
models using data science, machine learning and AI capabilities.

The successful deployment of the source code developed by SMU’s School of
Computing and Information Systems initially led to USD1.8 million in hard
annual savings for IBM’s hard disk drive (HDD) commodity category in one year,
with a projected USD35 million in hard annual savings realisable across the
breadth of IBM Infrastructure globally. The outcomes from this first phase of
collaboration were also integrated into IBM’s [Cognitive Supply Chain Advisor
360 ](https://www.ibm.com/supply-chain)solution, potentially allowing
organisations around the world to leverage this innovation to optimise their
supply chains.

“The complexity and fragility of the global supply chain is impacting
everything, from the speed and efficiency of operations to the ability to meet
consumer expectations. ASEAN is no exception. Organisations need to start
building resilient and sustainable supply chains to future-proof unanticipated
disruptions,” said **Matthias Graefe, Director of Supply Chain Transformation,
IBM.** “This trailblazing supply chain resiliency optimisation project with
SMU is a great example of how academics and businesses can collaborate to
develop new solutions for the world’s most pressing problems. We look forward
to bringing this innovation and best practice to benefit organisations across
the globe while continuing to support SMU as they work towards the next
breakthrough.”

**SMU Professor of Computer Science Lau Hoong Chuin** , the Principal
Investigator for the project, said: “Working with IBM’s supply chain and data
science teams, we applied data-driven optimisation models and methods to help
planners make more risk-tolerant, cost-effective global supply chain
decisions.” He added: “In the next phase, we look to leverage the potential of
quantum computing to improve the computational performance needed for
augmenting supply chain decision-making capabilities in an age of heightened
risks and uncertainty.”

# # #

**About IBM**

IBM is a leading provider of global hybrid cloud and AI, and consulting
expertise. We help clients in more than 175 countries capitalise on insights
from their data, streamline business processes, reduce costs and gain the
competitive edge in their industries. More than 4,000 government and corporate
entities in critical infrastructure areas such as financial services,
telecommunications and healthcare rely on IBM's hybrid cloud platform and Red
Hat OpenShift to affect their digital transformations quickly, efficiently and
securely. IBM's breakthrough innovations in AI, quantum computing, industry-
specific cloud solutions and consulting deliver open and flexible options to
our clients. All of this is backed by IBM's legendary commitment to trust,
transparency, responsibility, inclusivity and service. Visit
[www.ibm.com](http://www.ibm.com/) for more information.

**About Singapore Management University**

Singapore Management University (SMU) is internationally recognised for its
world-class research and distinguished teaching. Established in 2000, SMU’s
mission is to generate leading-edge research with global impact and to produce
broad-based, creative, and entrepreneurial leaders for the knowledge-based
economy. SMU faculty members collaborate with leading international
researchers and universities around the world, as well as with partners in the
business community and public sector. Visit
[www.smu.edu.sg](https://www.smu.edu.sg/) for more information.

**About SMU School of Computing and Information Science**

Real-world industry sectors provide the School of Computing and Information
Systems (SCIS) with a testbed and laboratory for experimentation, as well as a
fertile breeding ground for new ideas. SCIS’ faculty and students apply their
research results to solve real problems in a variety of industry settings and
to create IT applications and systems. SCIS faculty actively publishes in top-
quality Computer Science and Management Science conferences and journals, in
areas including Cybersecurity; Data Management & Analytics; Human-Machine
Interaction; Information Systems Management; Intelligent Systems &
Optimisation; Machine Learning & Intelligence; Multimedia; Sensing, Sense-
Making & Activation; Software Engineering & Systems. SCIS is recognised in the
industry for its educational innovations and for creating a culture of
learning, establishing external linkages and partnerships with industry,
government and the social sector. Visit
[www.scis.smu.edu.sg](http://www.scis.smu.edu.sg/) for more information.

Media contacts

Koh Joh Ting (Ms)

Senior Manager, Singapore Management University (SMU)

Email: jtkoh [at] smu.edu.sg

Olivia Lee

External Relations Leader, IBM Singapore

Tel: +65 8511 4142

Email: Olivia.lee1 [at] ibm.com

02 Jul 2024

21 Jun 2024

12 Jun 2024

12 Jun 2024

07 Jun 2024

Administration Building  
Singapore Management University  
81 Victoria Street  
Singapore 188065

[ __Map & Directions](https://smu.edu.sg/campus-life/visiting-smu/campus-map)

[ __Carpark Info](https://smu.edu.sg/campus-life/visiting-smu/carpark-
information)

For media enquiries, please email to  newsroom [at] smu.edu.sg

[ __Offices & Staff Directory](https://www.smu.edu.sg/contact/offices-staff-
directory?updated)

[ __Faculty Directory](https://www.smu.edu.sg/directory/faculty)

[ __Library](https://library.smu.edu.sg)

